WebGPU PR #5 — Interfaces for handling command encoding and submission (#25312)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/gpuqueue/copyexternalimagetotexture/index.md

---
title: GPUQueue.copyExternalImageToTexture()
slug: Web/API/GPUQueue/copyExternalImageToTexture
page-type: web-api-instance-method
status:
  - experimental
browser-compat: api.GPUQueue.copyExternalImageToTexture
---

{{APIRef("WebGPU API")}}{{SeeCompatTable}}

The **`copyExternalImageToTexture()`** method of the
{{domxref("GPUQueue")}} interface copies a snapshot taken from a source image, video, or canvas into a given {{domxref("GPUTexture")}}.

> This is a convenience function, which lets the user agent determine most efficient way to copy the data over.

Reviewer: I'm not sure that the term "convenience function" is right here? If we describe it that way in the spec or anywhere else we should change it.

It's certainly more convenient than, say, decoding JPEGs on your own and copying the raw RGB values into a texture afterwards, but that's not a particularly realistic scenario for anyone using the API. I'd cut that part but keep the bit talking about the user agent determining the most efficient path.

```suggestion
Using this function allows the user agent to determine the most efficient way to copy the data over for each source type.
```

Author: Yeah, I think I agree with your comment here; it is certainly unnecessary. I've replaced all instances with your suggestion.

- `mipLevel` is less than the destination {{domxref("GPUTexture.mipLevelCount")}}.
- `origin.x` is a multiple of the texel block width of the destination {{domxref("GPUTexture.format")}}.
- `origin.y` is a multiple of the texel block height of the destination {{domxref("GPUTexture.format")}}.
- If the destination {{domxref("GPUTexture.format")}} is a [depth-or-stencil format](https://gpuweb.github.io/gpuweb/#combined-depth-stencil-format), the image capture size is equal to `size`.
- The destination {{domxref("GPUTexture.usage")}} includes the `GPUTextureUsage.COPY_DST` and `GPUTextureUsage.RENDER_ATTACHMENT` flags.
- The destination {{domxref("GPUTexture.dimension")}} is `"2d"`.
- The destination {{domxref("GPUTexture.sampleCount")}} is 1.
- The destination {{domxref("GPUTexture.format")}} is one of the following (which support `GPUTextureUsage.RENDER_ATTACHMENT` usage):
  - `"r8unorm"`
  - `"r16float"`
  - `"r32float"`
  - `"rg8unorm"`
  - `"rg16float"`
  - `"rg32float"`
  - `"rgba8unorm"`
  - `"rgba8unorm-srgb"`
  - `"bgra8unorm"`
  - `"bgra8unorm-srgb"`
  - `"rgb10a2unorm"`
  - `"rgba16float"`
  - `"rgba32float"`

> - `destination.origin.x` + the `destination` {{domxref("GPUTexture.width")}} is less than or equal to the width of the image capture to write to the `destination` {{domxref("GPUTexture")}}.

Author: I was getting totally confused by all this stuff, so I am surprised you've not found more ;-)

What you say makes sense here; I've changed them to your suggested structure, albeit with `copySize.[x|y|z]` (isn't that correct, rather than `width` etc.?)

> - `destination.origin.x` + the `destination` {{domxref("GPUTexture.width")}} is less than or equal to the width of the image capture to write to the `destination` {{domxref("GPUTexture")}}.

Reviewer: This uses a [GPUExtent3D](https://gpuweb.github.io/gpuweb/#typedefdef-gpuextent3d), so it _is_ `width`, `height`, and `depthOrArrayLayers`.

> - `destination.origin.x` + the `destination` {{domxref("GPUTexture.width")}} is less than or equal to the width of the image capture to write to the `destination` {{domxref("GPUTexture")}}.

Author: Darn, I really did get confused here. I've updated the `copySize` property values to `width`, `height`, and `depthOrArrayLayers`.

      - : A {{domxref("GPUTexture")}} object representing the texture to write the data to.

- `copySize`

>   - : An object or array specifying the width, height, and depth of the copy. See `destination.origin` for examples of the object/array structure.

Reviewer: Sorry I didn't catch this before, but yeah. This isn't the same structure as the origin. It's the [GPUExtent3D](https://gpuweb.github.io/gpuweb/#typedefdef-gpuextent3d)

  - `"rgb10a2unorm"`
  - `"rgba16float"`
  - `"rgba32float"`
- `destination.origin.x` + `copySize.x` is less than or equal to the `destination` {{domxref("GPUTexture")}} {{domxref("GPUTexture.width", "width")}}.
- `destination.origin.y` + `copySize.y` is less than or equal to the `destination` {{domxref("GPUTexture")}} {{domxref("GPUTexture.height", "height")}}.

> - `destination.origin.z` + `copySize.z` is less than or equal to the `destination` {{domxref("GPUTexture")}} {{domxref("GPUTexture.depthOrArrayLayers", "depthOrArrayLayers")}}.

Reviewer: These need to be re-written to use `copySize.width`, `copySize.height`, `copySize.depthOrArrayLayers`

Author: Ah yes, I've done this now.
